Scrum Team creates Sprint Goal; PO proposes Sprint Goal

The Sprint Backlog is composed of the Sprint Goal (why), the set of Product Backlog items selected for the Sprint (what), as well as an actionable plan for delivering the Increment (how).
The Sprint Backlog is a plan by and for the Developers. It is a highly visible, real-time picture of the work that the Developers plan to accomplish during the Sprint in order to achieve the Sprint Goal. 
Consequently, the Sprint Backlog is updated throughout the Sprint as more is learned. It should have enough detail that they can inspect their progress in the Daily Scrum.
 defines the tasks the Developers will do to turn Product Backlog items into a “Done” Increment by the end of the sprint. 

Commitment: Sprint Goal
The Sprint Goal is the single objective for the Sprint. Although the Sprint Goal is a commitment by the Developers, it provides flexibility in terms of the exact work needed to achieve it. The Sprint Goal also creates coherence and focus, encouraging the Scrum Team to work together rather than on separate 
initiatives.
The Sprint Goal is created during the Sprint Planning event and then added to the Sprint Backlog. As the Developers work during the Sprint, they keep the Sprint Goal in mind. If the work turns out to be different than they expected, they collaborate with the Product Owner to negotiate the scope of the Sprint Backlog within the Sprint without affecting the Sprint Goal.


Sprint Goal.
The backlog items that are not completed at the end of the sprint are moved back into the Product Backlog so that the Product Owner can prioritize them for the next sprint or a future sprint.

Question 10: Skipped
During the Sprint Planning, the Product Owner should tell the Developers what the Sprint Goal will be (False)



Explanation
The Sprint Goal is the single objective for the Sprint. Sprint Goal is a commitment by the Developers, 
The Sprint Goal is created during the Sprint Planning event and then added to the Sprint Backlog.  If the work turns out to be different than they expected, DEV collaborate with the Product Owner to negotiate the scope of the Sprint Backlog within the Sprint without affecting the Sprint Goal.


The Sprint Goal is the single objective for the Sprint that can be met through the implementation of Product Backlog. It provides guidance to the Developers on why it is 
building the Increment. It is created during the Sprint Planning meeting. 
Sprint Goals are the result of a negotiation between the Product Owner and the Developers. 
Sprint Goals should be specific and measurable. Some benefits of Sprint Goal areo It provides guidance to the Developers on why it is building the Increment 
o Gives the Developers some flexibility regarding the functionality implemented within the Sprint.
o Helps stakeholders understand why they are being asked to participate in a Sprint Review